# Team Members
- Jory Anderson (V00843894)

- Note: My original team of 3 disbanded due to the challenges presented by CoViD-19. I have decided to complete the
  project regardless.
  
  
# Requirements
- JDK 11 (Cannot guarantee successful compilation on other versions)
- minisat (Available on UVic Linux machines)
  
# Documentation / Building
1. After extracting the contents of the tarball, compile all java files in the archive by performing the following
in command line / terminal
     
       javac *.java
       
2. Once completed, take a properly formatted puzzle.txt file (see project.pdf), and perform the following command:
    
        java sud2sat < puzzle.txt > puzzle.cnf
    - Note: sud2satextended can be used in a manner identical to sud2sat. Simply substitute the command.
        
   This will use "puzzle.txt" as the input (i.e., the file containing the incomplete sudoku puzzle), and create a
   new file called "puzzle.cnf" as the output. This file contains the DIMACs-formatted file used with 
            
       minisat 
      
3. Using the newly created "puzzle.cnf" file, perform the following:

        minisat puzzle.cnf assign.txt > stat.txt
   
   After executing the above, you will receive two files, "assign.txt" and "stat.txt"
   - "assign.txt": A file generated by minisat. Contains one or two lines determining satisfiability.
   - "stat.txt": The output of minisat. Will contain statistics pertaining to solving.
   
4. To solve, run the provided "sat2sud" command like so:

        java sat2sud < assign.txt > solution.txt
        
    sat2sud takes the file generated by minisat, formats the completed sudoku problem, and outputs it
    into solution.txt
    
# Example Build / Execution

        javac *.java
        java sud2sat < puzzle.txt > puzzle.cnf
        minisat puzzle.cnf assign.txt > stat.txt
        sat2sud < assign.txt > solution.txt
        
Add screenshot of terminal with the above steps done